[FIX] Default variant (#15548)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.12.md

1. The `Sylius\Component\User\Model\UserInterface` extends the `Symfony\Component\PasswordHasher\Hasher\PasswordHasherAwareInterface`
   interface to fix the compatibility with Symfony 6.

> 2. The constructor of `Sylius\Component\Product\ResolverDefaultProductVariantResolver` has been modified, a new argument has been added :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The constructor of `Sylius\Component\Product\DefaultProductVariantResolver.php` has been modified, a new argument has been added :
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The constructor of `Sylius\Component\Product\Resolver\DefaultProductVariantResolver` has been modified, a new argument has been added :
```

Looking for other UPGRADE entries, `.php` part is usually not used.

Author: I miss the backslash between `Resolver` and `DefaultProductVariantResolver ` ;)
